README.md, before:

# Escola LMS

Laravel Headless LMS REST API.

[![swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-swagger-green)](https://escola-lms-api.stage.etd24.pl/api/documentation)
[![phpunit](https://github.com/EscolaLMS/API/actions/workflows/phpunit-tests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/EscolaLMS/API/actions/workflows/phpunit-tests.yml)
[![downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/escolalms/api)](https://packagist.org/packages/escolalms/api)
[![downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/escolalms/api)](https://packagist.org/packages/escolalms/api)
[![downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/escolalms/api)](https://packagist.org/packages/escolalms/api)

## Packages

- [Auth](https://github.com/EscolaLMS/Auth)
- [Categories](https://github.com/EscolaLMS/Categories)
- [Core](https://github.com/EscolaLMS/Core)
- [Courses](https://github.com/EscolaLMS/Courses)
- [Files](https://github.com/EscolaLMS/Files)
- [Tags](https://github.com/EscolaLMS/Tags)
- [H5P](https://github.com/EscolaLMS/H5P)

## Installation

To install defult docker enviroment either clone this repo or use

```bash
composer create-project escolallms/api escola-lms
```

### Postgres (default)

```sh
make init
```

### Mysql

```
make init-mysql
```

## Demo & Credentials

| Role    | Email ID               | Password |
| ------- | ---------------------- | -------- |
| Admin   | admin@escola-lms.com   | secret   |
| Tutor   | tutor@escola-lms.com   | secret   |
| Student | student@escola-lms.com | secret   |

## Demo

[https://escola-lms-api.stage.etd24.pl/api/documentation](https://escola-lms-api.stage.etd24.pl/api/documentation)

This is fully working demo. **Note** that content is regeneraed every day - it's a seeder that is not persistent, every day database and files are cleared and rebuilt from skratch.

## Tasks

See [makefile](makefile) for all availabe devops tasks

- `make test-phpunit`
- `make test-behat`
- `make bash`
- `make composer-update`
- `make swagger-generate`
- `make migrate-fresh`
- `make switch-to-postgres`
- `make switch-to-mysql`
- `make migrate-mysql`
- `make migrate-postgres`
- `make test-phpunit-postgres`
- `make test-behat-postgres`
- `make test-phpunit-mysql`
- `make test-behat-mysql`
- `make init`
- `make init-mysql`
- `make init-postgres`

Commit message:

e2e end-to-end tests bootstrap #31 (#32)
* e2e end-to-end tests bootstrap #31

* clearup #31

* package.lock needed for cypress actin #31

* missing deps needed for cypress actin #31

* missing deps needed for cypress actin #31

* missing deps needed for cypress actin #31

* missing deps needed for cypress actin #31

* missing deps needed for cypress actin #31

* missing deps needed for cypress actin #31

* missing deps needed for cypress actin #31

* actions update & stroing the video artifacts

* actions update & stroing the video artifacts

* actions update & stroing the video artifacts

* actions update & stroing the video artifacts

* actions update & stroing the video artifacts

* actions update & stroing the video artifacts

* actions update & stroing the video artifacts

* actions update & stroing the video artifacts

* actions update & stroing the video artifacts

* actions update & stroing the video artifacts

* actions update & stroing the video artifacts

* actions update & stroing the video artifacts

* actions update & stroing the video artifacts

README.md, after:

# Escola LMS

Laravel Headless LMS REST API.

[![swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/documentation-swagger-green)](https://escola-lms-api.stage.etd24.pl/api/documentation)
[![phpunit](https://github.com/EscolaLMS/API/actions/workflows/phpunit-tests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/EscolaLMS/API/actions/workflows/phpunit-tests.yml)
[![phpunit](https://github.com/EscolaLMS/API/actions/workflows/cypress.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/EscolaLMS/API/actions/workflows/cypress.yml)
[![downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/escolalms/api)](https://packagist.org/packages/escolalms/api)
[![downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/escolalms/api)](https://packagist.org/packages/escolalms/api)
[![downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/escolalms/api)](https://packagist.org/packages/escolalms/api)

## Packages

- [Auth](https://github.com/EscolaLMS/Auth)
- [Categories](https://github.com/EscolaLMS/Categories)
- [Core](https://github.com/EscolaLMS/Core)
- [Courses](https://github.com/EscolaLMS/Courses)
- [Files](https://github.com/EscolaLMS/Files)
- [Tags](https://github.com/EscolaLMS/Tags)
- [H5P](https://github.com/EscolaLMS/H5P)

## Installation

To install defult docker enviroment either clone this repo or use

```bash
composer create-project escolallms/api escola-lms
```

### Postgres (default)

```sh
make init
```

### Mysql

```
make init-mysql
```

## Demo & Credentials

| Role    | Email ID               | Password |
| ------- | ---------------------- | -------- |
| Admin   | admin@escola-lms.com   | secret   |
| Tutor   | tutor@escola-lms.com   | secret   |
| Student | student@escola-lms.com | secret   |

## Demo

[https://escola-lms-api.stage.etd24.pl/api/documentation](https://escola-lms-api.stage.etd24.pl/api/documentation)

This is fully working demo. **Note** that content is regeneraed every day - it's a seeder that is not persistent, every day database and files are cleared and rebuilt from skratch.

## Test

There are hundreds of tests in the packages and they are divided into:

### Integration packages test

Each packge contains their own php integration test this repo runs all of the

To run use `./vendor/bin/phpunit`

### End-to-end tests

[Cypress.io](https://docs.cypress.io/) is running end-to-end tests

To launch those use `yarn && yarn run cypress open`

## Tasks

See [makefile](makefile) for all availabe devops tasks

- `make test-phpunit`
- `make test-behat`
- `make bash`
- `make composer-update`
- `make swagger-generate`
- `make migrate-fresh`
- `make switch-to-postgres`
- `make switch-to-mysql`
- `make migrate-mysql`
- `make migrate-postgres`
- `make test-phpunit-postgres`
- `make test-behat-postgres`
- `make test-phpunit-mysql`
- `make test-behat-mysql`
- `make init`
- `make init-mysql`
- `make init-postgres`
